https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/?lang=eng

Jesus Christ is the Son of God—our Savior and Redeemer, sent to save us all. Because of Him, you can feel joy and peace knowing you can be free from sin and someday live forever with God and your loved ones.

You Are Here for a Reason
Have you ever wondered why you are here?

We believe each of us existed before the earth was created and that we lived with God as His children in spirit form. Our Heavenly Father sent each of us here so we could receive a body, learn, and grow to become more like Him. As we follow God’s plan, we can return to live in His presence.

If you’ve ever felt you have a greater purpose than simply existing, you’re right. You can find your purpose by turning to God.

God Wants You to Be Happy
The gospel of Jesus Christ promises peace, strength, and joy to those who follow God’s commandments and are baptized into Christ’s Church.
Adam fell that men might be, and men are that they might have joy
2 Nephi 2:25
But how can joy be our purpose when life is full of so much struggle? The answer is Jesus Christ.

Through Jesus Christ, we can find comfort in our sorrows and be strengthened through difficulties. We can feel gratitude for the many beautiful things there are to enjoy on this earth. We can improve relationships with those we love by living the principles He taught in the Bible: compassion, service, forgiveness, and love.

By providing a Savior, God created a path for all His children to find joy.

Life Is a Time to Learn and Grow
When going through difficult times, it can help to remember that God’s plan for you extends beyond your mortal life. As you do your best to follow Him, everything you experience will be made right someday through Jesus Christ. The Bible promises that “God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain” (Revelation 21:4).

Life includes painful experiences because in God’s plan, the trials we face can be for our benefit and growth. These struggles can help us gain attributes such as:
Strength. Much like physical exercise can strengthen us physically, the resistance we face throughout our lives can strengthen us spiritually, mentally, and emotionally. This strength can help us weather the storms of life.
Empathy. When you go through challenges, your empathy grows. And when you use your experience to help others in similar circumstances, you help do God’s work on earth.
Patience. When so much is out of our control, including the actions of others, we can “wait on the Lord” (Psalm 27:14). We can believe that anything we suffer unfairly will ultimately be made right through Jesus Christ.

you can change.

God has always known you would make mistakes and would need help to overcome sorrow and sin. As part of God’s plan, He provided a Savior and Redeemer, Jesus Christ, to suffer and die for you and for every person who has ever lived. Because of Jesus Christ’s sacrifice, you can find forgiveness and healing.

With the Savior’s help, you can overcome sin, weaknesses, bad habits, and addictions that have held you back. You can become more charitable, forgiving, humble, and patient than you have been. As you become more Christlike, you will have a greater desire to continue on the path to return to live with God.
